Celta de Vigo and Levante faced each other
in balaídos at the premiere of lucas
alcaraz as the new coach of the
granota set after the dismissal of
josé luís mendílibar the levante arrived
to the celestial stadium in a very position
engaged in relegation posts and
being the team most scored and least
first division scorer
he made some changes lucas alcaraz that
changed the system bet for a 4-3-3
introducing men like andreas
ivanschitz
or if mahoma you had told more
well little for jose luis mendílibar this
It was one of the few arrivals of the Levante
in the first half but it was the central
that went ahead with this opening of
krohn dehli for sant and bina made a
great personal action to deliver the
ball to pablo hernández and this one the
they gave joaquin oscar larrivey that
returned to score one more day in
balaidos to overtake the Celtic five
matches have played in this stadium
joaquin oscar larrivey with the shirt
of the Celtic and in all of them written down without
But in this action there was no
game the forward of the Galician team
However neither the assistant nor the
college
they perceived that advanced position of
the riva and ended up going up to the score that
both minute 27 of match he put
ahead to the celta de vigo
Celtic seeking a victory that
be placed back in European positions
in this nolito driving action that
it would end with the shot too
crusader of joaquin oscar larrivey and there
he had it for the second ray erase
great nolito action and in the end there you
it is necessary to adjust a tad more to the riva and
to increase the income of your team
day images of the second half
introduced changes lucas alcaraz entered
Victor casadesús and jordi xumetra
precisely víctor centered so that
there was not able to go without being finished
he hit him with his right leg less
good
and was not able to hit with the ball
Andreas Ivanschitz is however it would be
the protagonist of the best occasion of
lift in the match
but back up that goes down to
barral and there came the shot of the
Austrian only wood avoided what
it would have been the tie to one for the
lift from having entered that zurriagazo
by andreas ivanschitz could have
changed a lot things could have
changed the sign of the party
but it would be only a few minutes after
that action when with hector rodas
injured with a muscle break and
out of area this action would come
nikos delivers for nolito in a bad
clear the first shot of the gaditano
it gets it clear diego mariño but
I can not do anything to avoid the
second goal of the riva and minute 83 that
it came in this action alex prolonga
lopez there wants to let the riva pass
for the entrance of madina the rebound
favors nolito shoots the gaditano
riveted the Argentine joaquin Oscar
larrivey
sixth goal of the season for the
South American striker who already
becomes the maximum gunner of the
Celta surpasses by a goal to nolito that has
5 this campaign and already in the
last match minutes
come this shot from álex lópez that
apparently did not involve much danger
but he ate it he swallowed it diego
Mariño and in that way came the
third for the Celtic first goal in the
Liga BBVA in the current course for Álex
lopez who entered the second part
replacing pablo hernández 3 to 0
for the Celtic who achieves three more points
and that continues to consolidate in the area
new line of the table follows
The process of the
toto berizzo in celtic balaídos 3 levante